# SimpliSell Vision Statement

SimpliSell will be a classified advertisement platform designed to give students a centralized place to post and view local advertisements.

The application will be akin to a digital bulletin board comprising of advertisements for a variety of different things. Users will be able to post advertisements to sell textbooks, devices like laptops, tickets to community/school events, tutoring services, or even information regarding student clubs or groups. They will also have the option to create "wanted" advertisements, such as in the case of looking for other students to carpool with. Users will be able to simply navigate through this list of existing ad postings, and will be able to easily obtain the advertiser's contact information for further communication. 

Users will be able to search for advertisements based on categories, while also having the ability to sort postings based on price. Users can save advertisements for later by adding specific postings to their watch list. A rating system will be put in place that will ask users to provide feedback on their interactions with other users. Additionally, users will be able to report inappropriate advertisements or users, which will be further investigated by an administrator.

SimpliSell is designed primarily for students, so users will expect advertisements that are catered to their own desires and needs. Therefore, instead of having an overwhelming and abundant amount of unrelated advertisements, SimpliSell gives students a user-friendly platform that allows them to navigate through advertisements they are more likely to be interested in. 

To increase convenience for students, the application will be stationed within educational institutions to maximise exposure towards our targeted audience, which are students. To reflect this very demographic, advertisement postings will be classified according to various categories primarily tailored for items or services used in educational institutions. Students will also be able to post advertisements for anything related to their institution, such as volunteer groups or gatherings. 

The suitable location will prove advantageous to advertisers as well since the constant exposure to students may result in an increase in response rate and increase in sales. To further aid their effort, the always on display feature will scroll through all the existing ad postings so that students walking by the application can see them. With the rating system and reporting system built in the application, students can also feel at ease when doing business with trusted individuals on the platform.

The application will be considered successful based on the following criteria. First, the majority of students prefer using SimpliSell over existing advertisement posting services, as determined by a survey. Second, users posting advertisements on the system see at least a 25% increase in genuinely interested responses compared to alternative platforms. Lastly, there is a demand for additional SimpliSell terminals within the current or other educational institutions. 
